Add UI extension quickstart guide (#147)
kubewarden/docs: docs/operator-manual/ui-extension/install.md

Once the repository is added to the list, navigate back to the Extensions page and you will see the Kubewarden Extension is available. Install the latest version and you will be prompted to reload the page.

After installation of the extension you will then be able to install Kubewarden into your desired Cluster. 

### Install Kubewarden

Within your cluster a new menu item will appear in the side-menu for Kubewarden, this overview page will guide you through the installation process by completing some prerequisites.

## Post-Installation

After the installation is complete a few items will be listed under the Kubewarden menu, namely PolicyServers, ClusterAdmissionPolicies, and AdmissionPolicies. From here you can create Policy Servers and Policies to control behavior within your cluster.

___Policy Server detail view___
![UI PolicyServer Detail](/img/ui_policyserver_detail.png)

___Admission Policy creation view___
![UI Policy Create](/img/ui_policy_create.png)

### Additional Features

For installing additional features, follow the instructions in these docs to include [Metrics](./metrics.md) or [Tracing](./tracing.md).

___Policy tracing logs___

> ![UI Policy Tracing Logs](/img/ui_policy_tracing.png)

Reviewer: We could move this screenshot to the tracing page now that we have it.

---
sidebar_label: "Quickstart"
title: ""
---

# Rancher UI Extension

This section describes how to install the Kubewarden UI as an extension of [Rancher Manager](https://github.com/rancher/rancher).

:::note
This requires a running instance of Rancher Manager `v2.7.0` or greater.
:::

## Install

The Kubewarden UI is installed as a global extension, however, the Kubewarden controller will be installed through the Rancher UI as a cluster scoped resource.

### Create the UI extension repository

> With Rancher Extensions enabled, navigate to the Extensions page from the side-navigation and select "Manage Repositories" within the action menu (the three dots) in the top-right corner of the page. Create a new Git repository with `https://github.com/kubewarden/ui.git` for the Git Repo URL input and the Git Branch `main`.

Reviewer: Since we are prompting to install from `main`, I wonder if we could add a warning paragraph with the `:::note` or similar. At least saying that it may be broken at times and this is temporary until we have releases.

Author: I added a note explaining the use of `main`, let me know what you think.

Reviewer: Good enough! resolving

### Add the Kubewarden extension

Once the repository is added to the list, navigate back to the Extensions page and you will see the Kubewarden Extension is available. Install the latest version and you will be prompted to reload the page.

After installation of the extension you will then be able to install Kubewarden into your desired Cluster. 

### Install Kubewarden

> Within your cluster a new menu item will appear in the side-menu for Kubewarden, this overview page will guide you through the installation process by completeing some prerequesites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within your cluster a new menu item will appear in the side-menu for Kubewarden, this overview page will guide you through the installation process by completing some prerequisites.
```

## Post-Installation

After the installation is complete a few items will be listed under the Kubewarden menu, namely PolicyServers, ClusterAdmissionPolicies, and AdmissionPolicies. From here you can create Policy Servers and Policies to control behavior within your cluster.

___Policy Server detail view___
![UI PolicyServer Detail](/img/ui_policyserver_detail.png)

___Admission Policy creation view___
![UI Policy Create](/img/ui_policy_create.png)

---

> For installing additional features, which includes Metrics or Tracing, you can follow the instructions in [this wiki](https://github.com/kubewarden/ui/wiki).

Author: I think waiting until we are able to make this more streamlined with the advent of rancher-charts would be best. Currently the approach is generally the same as the tracing and metrics guides already present in the docs.

> For installing additional features, which includes Metrics or Tracing, you can follow the instructions in [this wiki](https://github.com/kubewarden/ui/wiki).

Reviewer: Good enough! resolving

> For installing additional features, which includes Metrics or Tracing, you can follow the instructions in [this wiki](https://github.com/kubewarden/ui/wiki).

Reviewer 2: I don't like to have the user leave the docs and end up on the empty landing page of the wiki. Can't we just move the contents we have on the wiki over there?

> For installing additional features, which includes Metrics or Tracing, you can follow the instructions in [this wiki](https://github.com/kubewarden/ui/wiki).

Author: I've updated and moved the wiki contents into their own respective pages.
